Fix for issue #179 (#180)
ffuf/ffuf: README.md

ffuf -w /path/to/postdata.txt -X POST -d "username=admin\&password=FUZZ" -u https://target/login.php -fc 401
```

### Maximum execution time

If you don't want ffuf to run indefinitely, you can use the `-maxtime`. This stops __the entire__ process after a given time (in seconds).

```
ffuf -w /path/to/wordlist -u https://target/FUZZ -maxtime 60
```

When working with recursion, you can control the maxtime __per job__ using `-maxtime-job`. This will stop the current job after a given time (in seconds) and continue with the next one.

```

> ffuf -w /path/to/wordlist -u https://target/FUZZ -maxtime-job 60

Reviewer: I think it would be good to add `-recursion` to example CLI, as well as describe what a "sub" job is in the description to clarify the inner workings.

ffuf -w /path/to/wordlist -u https://target/FUZZ -maxtime 60
```

> Especially when working with recursion, you can control the maxtime __per job__ using `-maxtime-job`. This will stop the current job after a given time (in seconds) and continue with the next one. Internally a job is the brute forcing of one specific folder. This is also the case for the root folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When working with recursion, you can control the maxtime __per job__ using `-maxtime-job`. This will stop the current job after a given time (in seconds) and continue with the next one. New jobs are created when the recursion functionality detects a subdirectory. 
```
